Switch-Component (#2846)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-switch/README.md

# Terra Switch

[![NPM version](https://badgen.net/npm/v/terra-switch)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/terra-switch)
[![Build Status](https://badgen.net/travis/cerner/terra-switch)](https://travis-ci.com/cerner/terra-core)

> The terra-switch component, like its real-world counterpart, is used to indicate whether a setting is ON or OFF and provide users with instantaneous feedback.

Reviewer: Could we elaborate on this description? I'm not really sure the intent of the component when reading this. What is it's real-word counterpart? What is the instantaneous feedback the user received?

Author: updated [descriptions](https://github.com/cerner/terra-core/pull/2846/commits/8ba4fb42d6a30245f9e12acc308252d47b22d7d2#diff-ca36062bbe0a1bca64938f49baa5c055) for switch component

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Documentation](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-core/components/terra-switch/switch/switch)
- [LICENSE](#license)

## Getting Started

- Install with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com): `npm install terra-switch`

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:START Peer Dependencies -->
## Peer Dependencies

This component requires the following peer dependencies be installed in your app for the component to properly function.

| Peer Dependency | Version |
|-|-|
| react | ^16.8.5 |
| react-dom | ^16.8.5 |

> 

Reviewer: remove extra lines

Author: removed.

# Terra Switch

[![NPM version](https://badgen.net/npm/v/terra-switch)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/terra-switch)
[![Build Status](https://badgen.net/travis/cerner/terra-switch)](https://travis-ci.com/cerner/terra-core)

> The terra-switch component indicates whether a setting is on or off and provide users with instantaneous feedback.
> 
> Switches are used to activate settings immediately, in real time.
> Switches never require users to press a button to apply their settings.
> A switch is a set of binary options and always has one of the options selected by default.
> 
> Switch should be used for only one of these set of binary options:
> • On / Off

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The terra-switch component indicates whether a setting is ON or OFF and provide users with instantaneous feedback.
```
This description can be shortened, since we need not mention the use of the component and also majority of the information can be found in the props table

Author: formated readme and Doc : 48fce2d9ca73773ac6f9891feaa7f2a56b36f864

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Documentation](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-core/components/terra-switch/switch/switch)
- [LICENSE](#license)

## Getting Started

- Install with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com): `npm install terra-switch`

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:START Peer Dependencies -->
## Peer Dependencies

This component requires the following peer dependencies be installed in your app for the component to properly function.

| Peer Dependency | Version |
|-|-|
| react | ^16.8.5 |
| react-dom | ^16.8.5 |

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:END -->

## LICENSE

> Copyright 2019 - 2020 Cerner Innovation, Inc.

Reviewer 2: This should be only "2020" and not "2019 - 2020"

Author: updated :  48fce2d9ca73773ac6f9891feaa7f2a56b36f864

# Terra Switch

[![NPM version](https://badgen.net/npm/v/terra-switch)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/terra-switch)
[![Build Status](https://badgen.net/travis/cerner/terra-switch)](https://travis-ci.com/cerner/terra-core)

> The terra-switch component are like their real-world counterparts, are used to indicate whether a setting is on or off and provide users with instantaneous feedback. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The terra-switch component indicates whether a setting is on or off and provide users with instantaneous feedback. 
```

Author: updated [here](https://github.com/cerner/terra-core/pull/2846/commits/1c002b1da07d995fc126d14539617437b6371dd7)

Switches are used to activate settings immediately, in real time. 
Switches never require users to press a button to apply their settings. 
A switch is a set of binary options and always has one of the options selected by default.

Switch should be used for only one of these set of binary options:
• On / Off

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)

> - [Documentation](https://github.com/cerner/terra-core/tree/master/packages/terra-switch/docs)

Reviewer 4: Since there will be no docs folder you can change this to point to the engineering site.

Author: updated

- [LICENSE](#license)

## Getting Started

- Install with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com): `npm install terra-switch`

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:START Peer Dependencies -->
## Peer Dependencies

This component requires the following peer dependencies be installed in your app for the component to properly function.

| Peer Dependency | Version |
|-|-|
| react | ^16.8.5 |
| react-dom | ^16.8.5 |

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:END -->

## LICENSE

> Copyright 2017 - 2019 Cerner Innovation, Inc.

Reviewer 3: 2020*

Author: updated [here](https://github.com/cerner/terra-core/pull/2846/commits/1c002b1da07d995fc126d14539617437b6371dd7)
